Fixed #35665 -- Fixed a crash when passing empty order_by to Window. (#18462)
django/django: docs/releases/5.1.1.txt

Bugfixes
========

> * Fixed a crash when passing an empty sequence to ``Window(order_by)`` or
>   when providing a sliced queryset without ordering to ``Prefetch(queryset)``
>   (:ticket:`35665`).

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
* Fixed a regression in Django 5.1 that cased a crash of ``Window()`` when
  passing an empty sequence to the ``order_by`` parameter, and a crash of
  ``Prefetch()`` for a sliced queryset without ordering (:ticket:`35665`).
```

Author: cased -> caused but otherwise it LGTM

Reviewer: Typo :facepalm: :wink:
